[ Chanting ]
O Maiden of purest white,
which will thou choose --
Blue water
or a storm cloud?
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
[ Bed creaks ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Yawns ]
Alright, Fena.
Let's go...
Uh...sure!
[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪
Tsubaki:
Ah, and you two are absolutely
sure this is the destination?
Yeah of course
we're sure!
He said
Debar Hopenstein!
And at Dresnadeen too!
Wasn't it
Dres-neen-a-steen?
Not even close!
It's Dresnen-bar-diddlepot.
Ahh yeah, that's it!
[ Sighs ] Why'd I bother?
I'll just ask Fena later.
Huh?Huh?
Why?Why?
Libar Oberstein.
Hmm, they must
mean Dresden.
Yeah, I knew they had no idea
what they were talking about.
But roger that.
Thanks.
[ Material tightens ]
Okay,
that should do it.
I'll change it
again tomorrow.
Umm...
I'm sorry...
for being so impulsive.
There's no need
to keep apologizing.
You made your point
the first time.
It's just...
Protecting
you's our job.
So it's fine.
That may be,
but from now on...
I'm gonna work hard to try and
be more useful to the team.
That won't be
necessary.
Besides,
you're sorely mistaken
if you presume
you can be helpful to us.
Stop putting yourself
at risk.
Do not do it again!
Don't order me around!
Like it or not,
I will contribute something.
That attitude of yours is what
keeps getting us into trouble!
Go pick fleas off your dog
and stay out of the way!
Never!
[ Both growl ]
"Now, now..."
What is it?
It's not like you
to raise your voice
when someone
gets under your skin.
Normally, you'd just
whack people on the head
and be done with it.
Just let me pass.
Shitan: Fena.
[ Gasps ]
Shitan?
[ Peaceful music plays ]
We could hear you
through the whole ship.
[ Groans ]
Don't let
Yukimaru get to you.
He's like that with everyone.
Hey, Shitan...
Yeah?
I would like you to teach me
how to use a weapon.
Huh?
[ Twang! ]
Why isn't it going far?
This'll take longer
than I thought.
Oh!
I have a brilliant idea.
Huh?
No!
No way!
Can't you help
a girl out?
After all, you and I
are friends, right?
I don't recall us
being that close.
Ugh?!
Besides!
I don't like what
that jerk's implying with
"Oh, if Fena
can't handle a bow...
Then give her an easy,
girly weapon like a gun!"
Well he knows
how to run away!
Let's get one thing straight
here. You listening?
Guns aren't toys
and aren't something you
can master in a day!
Their construction
and design,
gunpowder, their features,
and their history!
Before you can train
with a gun you study those.
Actually no,
first I want you
to take a look
at this thing I just invented.
It's based on the same principle
as a bean planting machine
using the power of spin
and gravity to--
Huh? Fena?
Where'd you go? Fena?!
Shitan...
She supplies me
with endless amusement.
Fena: Tsubaki!
Wait, you want me...
to teach sword fighting?
To you?
For what?
Shitan said that out
of everyone on-board,
you're the person closest
to my skill level
so it might be easier
to learn from you.
Ahhh.
That makes sense!
Okay so
what you're saying is...
In comparison to everyone else,
I'm the worst swordsman here.
So I'm the ideal person
to teach a total newbie.
I see right through him.
He thought he was so clever...
Shitan!
Tsubaki, is this
that broth stuff?
It's too bland and boring
for my refined palate.
Can I at least add a head
of bonito or something?
Get out!
[ Buzzer sounds ]
Mnh-mnh.
No way!
♪♪
In the end...
everybody turned me down.
Could I really be
that hopeless?
I'll teach you.
With the caveat that swords
aren't exactly my strong suit.
You'd do that for me?
And I took you for the type
that was good at everything!
[ Chuckles ]
Hardly.
I'd say I'm probably
the worst swordsman
out of everyone
on this ship, by far.
You're just
being humble, right?
No, I'm telling you
the truth...
And while
we're being honest...
It's because I was always
around someone...
who made me feel
I'd never measure up.
It didn't matter
how hard I tried.
Not wanting to be shown up
by the guy, I grew reckless,
and would charge out
ahead of him.
But as a result, he had to save
my life again and again.
It got to a point, where I swore
I'd save his life next time.
Not by running out ahead...
but from behind.
So that's why you took up
the bow.
Let's head in.
It's cold out.
♪♪
Shitan!
I have to get stronger.
I want to be able to protect him
for a change.
The way you did.
Then we'll begin
tomorrow.
Before breakfast.
I want to be able
to protect him...
Have you seen Shitan?
Uh...
Why?
He's the only one
with the screws for this.
So I need to find him.
Oh!
Well uh, look --
About this morning...
Shitan was on the deck
a few minutes ago!
Up there with me,
actually.
He might be
in his cabin now.
Between us, I think I'm starting
to understand his sex appeal!
He's got such a way
with women.
He's handsome,
strong, and kind.
It's almost unfair.
Gah! Not
that I noticed!
Well, good night!
Way with women...
♪♪
Hmm.
[ Grunts ]
Hah!
[ Yawns ]
[ Yells, grunts ]
Again!
♪♪
Hah!
[ Shouting quickly ]
[ Panting ]
Again!
[ Gasping ]
♪♪
Okay, Fena.
If there's one thing
I can teach
you as the worst swordsman here,
it's this --
draw it, and stab the other guy.
Draw it,
and stab the other guy.
Yep!
Stab.
♪♪
Ahh!
Ha! Huh!
♪♪
[ Groans ]
You're late!
Yah!
All wrong! Focus!
Elbows in!
Your right elbow's
dropping!
What'd I just say?
Really?
Now your back's
all wrong too!
I swear, if you don't pick up
those elbows...
See, you want them up like this,
cause if not you're--
[ Kaboom! ]
Aah!
[ Growls ]
Shoot before
my go-ahead again,
and that's the last gun
you'll lay hands on!
Is that clear?
Fena: Yes, ma'am.
I can't hear you!
Yes, ma'am!
Karin: Look, the meek
may inherit the earth,
but they make
crappy marksmen!
Ya can't shoot, cause the gun
doesn't respect you!
[ Groans, whimpers ]
That was brutal.
Both the practice
and the yelling.
Huh?
"Eat all of these."
♪♪
[ Scraping ]
Hmm.
Can you tell us anything?
Even the smallest detail
could be useful.
[ Germanic accent ] There's a
grinding technique applied
looks like
the one we use here.
But we never make anything
in this shape.
Or, at least,
not anymore.
Another dead end...
I'm sorry I couldn't be
of more help to you all.
Woman:
[ Germanic accent] Hold on.
All: Huh?
♪♪
Oh.
Ooh.
Whoa.
Mm?
♪♪
Mind if I take a look?
Arya, it's not
one of ours--
May I?
U-um, sure!
♪♪
Hmm.
Well, well.
Where'd you get it?
I...uh...
It's a relic,
passed down by my people.
Circumstances now dictate
we learn its origins.
No information would be
too trivial.
And we'd pay in kind.
Ooh.
Oh.
♪♪
[ Giggles ]
I'm Arya.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Yukimaru.
And nice to
meet you, miss.
Uh...
I'm Fena.
For starters.
I can take you to someone
who I think will know
more about your stone.
Though it's somewhat
of a hike.
[ Gasps ]
That'd be great!
Thank you!
All exports from this village
are submitted
to the Burgermeister
for inspection.
Here we create as a collective,
not individual craftsmen.
You don't inscribe your work?
That is our way.
That's odd.
Isn't it?
Those who don't like it tend
to pack up and leave.
Yukimaru's talking to a woman
like it's nothin!
And a sexy one.
Is that
sword of yours sharp?
Sharp enough.
Who hones it for you?
I do it myself.
You're trained?
[ Gasps ]
Contact!
Oh, my...
I wouldn't say that.
I just picked it up
as I went along.
Self-taught is
the best way to learn.
[ Grunts ]
Ooh it's
a two-part touch!
Looks like she's got
wandering hands.
You're reading too much into it,
you ants!
They don't meet many women
like her.
Let them have their fun.
It's just past
that turn there.
♪♪
Okay, this is it.
We're here...
the Burgermeister's office.
Please wait outside.
He's known to be
a bit difficult.
What now?
What?
What do you mean?
She clearly
fancies you.
If you tried,
you could go all the way.
Huh?
Go where with her?
[ Groans ]
It's okay! He'll allow
four of you to come up.
Yukimaru. If you don't mind,
I need a favor.
♪♪
If we all
stay the night...
you know that woman is gonna
sneak into Yukimaru's bed.
[ Gasps ] Wh-why would you
think that?
Years of experience.
How does this look to you?
[ Gasps ] Danke!
Grandpa,
he's finished!
♪♪
[ Germanic accent ]
This is impressive work.
Do you like it?
Very much indeed.
This knife was given to me
by my father as a gift
when I was just a boy.
I wanted it.
So I pestered him.
It looks as new as the day
it was handed to me.
It brings back
such memories.
I'd love to
return the favor.
♪♪
Kaede:
I'm so bored...
Enju:
Tell me about it, we haven't
had scenes in forever.
Makaba, I'd try to get
a line in if I were you.
Makaba: [ Muffled ]
This is delicious!
Now then...
The stone.
You wish to know its origins,
right?
Please.
Simply put, this stone
was indeed manufactured
in this village.
Th-that's incredible!
What d'ya know?
You were right!
Do you know when?
And where it was made,
and what it could used be for?
Luckily, before any of our
products are shipped out...
It's inscribed in a way that's
invisible to the naked eye...
To record its production date
and who commissioned it.
And this item has "D3756"
etched into it.
Arya.
Ja?
On the shelf over there...
Can you fetch me
that blue book?
This is most unusual.
The stone didn't originate
from this village.
The client brought it
to have it carved here.
It came from France.
The year of production was 1436.
And the name of said client...
[Gasps]
What on earth?
This has got to be
some sort of joke?
What?
What does it say?
What's the matter
is something wrong?
Arya:
La Pucelle d'Orléans.
Wait, La pucelle d'Orleans?
Hang on, does this mean...
If this is to be believed,
it was commissioned by...
Jeanne of Arc...
Wait, what?
Look at the signature.
It's hard to make out,
but it says "Jeanne."
If that's true,
that would be amazing, right?
Well, in all likelihood
it's just a prank.
But this is not our concern.
All: [ Gasp ]
Joan of Arc being the client
is irrelevant?
Is that what you're saying?
The fame and status of
any of our clients
is never our concern.
The likes of da Vinci
and Columbus
have commissioned works.
We've had orders from royal
families around the world.
In that case...
Why'd you look concerned?
Well, the date says 1436.
Let's see, now if I remember
my history correctly...
[ Gasps ]
But she was burnt at the stake
in Rouen's market square in...
That is correct.
She met her fate in 1431.
♪♪
But according to this ledger,
this stone was made five years
after her very public execution.
Yet somehow commissioned
by Jeanne of Arc herself.
All:
[ Gasping ]
♪♪
Hopefully that helped
a little bit?
It helped,
more than a little.
We're eternally grateful.
We are!
Thank you so much, Arya!
You're all very welcome.
Say.
Why not stay the night
before heading out?
I appreciate
the generous offer.
But time is of the essence.
We must take our leave.
Oh, I see.
I understand.
Please, do take care
of yourselves.
And I shall pray
for your safe passage.
Fena!
Oh?
Hang in there, okay?
♪♪
[ Waves crashing ]
Yukimaru:
You'll catch cold.
They sure were nice,
weren't they?
They were.
Very pleasant people, indeed.
Yukimaru.
Truth is, I've actually
heard it before.
What are you talking about?
Heard what?
That French word,
"la Pucelle."
Hmm.
Like maybe I used
to call someone that?
Or maybe someone I knew
used to call me that.
♪♪
Abel:
La Pucelle...
♪♪
What is it?
I've received word
that they've set out.
[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪
[ Whoosh ]
[ Warbles ]